src/miscellaneous/placeholders.md, before:

# Placeholders
***

## Welcome Message Placeholders
### Built-in

|Placeholder|Description |
|--|--|
| %user% | Mentions the user, will display nickname if set |
| %username% | Display the user's name |
| %user_id% | Display the user's numeric ID |
| %ticket_id% | Display the ticket's numeric ID |
| %open_tickets% | Display the number of open tickets in the server |
| %total_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that have ever been opened in the server |
| %user_open_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that the user currently has open in the server |
| %user_total_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that the user has ever opened in the server |
| %ticket_limit% | Display the server's ticket limit |
| %channel% | Mention the channel |
| %rating_count% | Amount of feedback ratings you have received |
| %average_rating% | Displays server's average feedback rating |
| %time% | Display the current time |
| %date% | Display today's date |
| %datetime% | Display the current date and time |
| * %first_response_time_weekly% | Staff average first response time to tickets this week |
| * %first_response_time_monthly% | Staff average first response time to tickets this month |
| * %first_response_time_all_time% | Staff average first response time to tickets since the beginning |
| %discord_account_creation_date% | The date and time that the user's Discord account was created |
| %discord_account_age% | How long ago the user's Discord account was created |

Placeholders marked with a * are premium features. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

### Integrations
All integration placeholders are automatically active, you do not have to do anything special apart from include them in your welcome message.

#### Bloxlink
These placeholders are available if the user has linked their Roblox account via [Bloxlink](https://blox.link)

|Placeholder|Description |
|--|--|
| %roblox_username% | The user's Roblox username |
| %roblox_id% | The user's numeric Roblox ID |
| %roblox_display_name% | The user's Roblox display name |
| %roblox_profile_url% | The full clickable URL to the user's Roblox profile |
| %roblox_account_age% | How long ago the user's Roblox account was created, e.g. `7 months ago` |
| %roblox_account_created% | The date on which the user's Roblox account was created, e.g. `7 January 2019` |

## Custom Naming Scheme Placeholders:
|Placeholder|Description|
|--|--|
| %id% | Display the unique ticket ID |
| %id_padded% &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;| Display the unique ticket ID to 4 places &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;|
| %username% | Display the user's name |
| %nickname% | Display the user's nickname |

## Escaping Placeholders
To display a placeholder as literal text instead of having it replaced, use backslashes: `\%placeholder_name\%`

Commit message:

Add %claimed% and %claimed_by% placeholders
Documented two new placeholders: %claimed% to show ticket claim status and %claimed_by% to display the claimer's username.

src/miscellaneous/placeholders.md, after:

# Placeholders
***

## Welcome Message Placeholders
### Built-in

|Placeholder|Description |
|--|--|
| %user% | Mentions the user, will display nickname if set |
| %username% | Display the user's name |
| %user_id% | Display the user's numeric ID |
| %ticket_id% | Display the ticket's numeric ID |
| %open_tickets% | Display the number of open tickets in the server |
| %total_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that have ever been opened in the server |
| %user_open_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that the user currently has open in the server |
| %user_total_tickets% | Display the number of tickets that the user has ever opened in the server |
| %ticket_limit% | Display the server's ticket limit |
| %channel% | Mention the channel |
| %rating_count% | Amount of feedback ratings you have received |
| %average_rating% | Displays server's average feedback rating |
| %time% | Display the current time |
| %date% | Display today's date |
| %datetime% | Display the current date and time |
| * %first_response_time_weekly% | Staff average first response time to tickets this week |
| * %first_response_time_monthly% | Staff average first response time to tickets this month |
| * %first_response_time_all_time% | Staff average first response time to tickets since the beginning |
| %discord_account_creation_date% | The date and time that the user's Discord account was created |
| %discord_account_age% | How long ago the user's Discord account was created |

Placeholders marked with a * are premium features. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

### Integrations
All integration placeholders are automatically active, you do not have to do anything special apart from include them in your welcome message.

#### Bloxlink
These placeholders are available if the user has linked their Roblox account via [Bloxlink](https://blox.link)

|Placeholder|Description |
|--|--|
| %roblox_username% | The user's Roblox username |
| %roblox_id% | The user's numeric Roblox ID |
| %roblox_display_name% | The user's Roblox display name |
| %roblox_profile_url% | The full clickable URL to the user's Roblox profile |
| %roblox_account_age% | How long ago the user's Roblox account was created, e.g. `7 months ago` |
| %roblox_account_created% | The date on which the user's Roblox account was created, e.g. `7 January 2019` |

## Custom Naming Scheme Placeholders:
|Placeholder|Description|
|--|--|
| %id% | Display the unique ticket ID |
| %id_padded% &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;| Display the unique ticket ID to 4 places &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;|
| %username% | Display the user's name |
| %nickname% | Display the user's nickname |
| %claimed% | Display whether the ticket is claimed or unclaimed |
| %claimed_by% | Display the claimer's username |

## Escaping Placeholders
To display a placeholder as literal text instead of having it replaced, use backslashes: `\%placeholder_name\%`
